# Overview

Echo is a social mobile application designated specifically but not limited to the university community, ensuring that everyone spends a memorable time on campus. Beyond discovering and joining a diverse range of events taking place across the campus and beyond, Echo connects users who share similar interests and passions, thanks to which the users can expand their social circle and make the most of their time spent at university .A well-connected and supported student body on campus leads to improved mental health and potentially, higher academic performance.

The app provides an integrating environment for everyone: be it someone from campus or a student from outside, one doesn’t need to register on the app to access the basic functionalities like event browsing on the app. However, registering/connecting to one’s account unlocks a whole new set of features and functionalities such as the possibility of creating events, meeting new people through the application and many other fun activities. 

Echo is a free, all-in-one mobile app designed specifically for EPFL students, who are the primary personas for our app. However, this doesn’t limit the other university staff such as professors and researchers from benefiting from the app’s functionalities. The goal of the MVP is to increase the visibility of the events on the campus and stop spam of the student email boxes with event information which leads to an overwhelming amount of information and missed opportunities amongst that. The idea of centralizing all the information in one application along with all the social events as well as a place where one could find friends with similar interests makes our app unique: by sponsoring echo, EPFL would gain a valuable tool for boosting student engagement in campus activities, fostering a healthy social environment, and potentially enhancing academic success. This may also enhance the university ratings on a global level as the app would benefit from a more positive and engaging student experience which is a key factor contributing to the global reputation of a university. 

Lastly, we would like to attract a maximum of the students towards our app in order to convince EPFL about its place on the campus. We would like to also provide support on both iOS & android platforms.

